README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Snake</h1>

[View the live project here.]()

This is my version of the classic snake game. You'll get nostalgia from playing this game. For all you new players I hope you enjoy a classic game from my childhood.

<h2 align="center"><img src = assets/img/screenshot(21).png></h2>
<h2 align="center"><img src = assets/img/screenshot(23).png></h2>
<h2 align="center"><img src = assets/img/screenshot(25).png></h2>

## User Experience
   
   ### User Stories

#### First Time Users
1. As a first time user I would like to understand how the game works from the minute I arrive.
2. As a first time user I would like to be able to play the game with easy understanding of the rules.
3. As a firts time user I would like to be able to easily track my score and be able to start again if I die.

#### Returning Users
1. As a returning user I would like to be able to beat my score and enjoy playing the game.
2. As a returning user I would like to be able to enjoy the classic feel and just enjoy playing a classic game.

#### Frequent User
1. As a frequent user i'm playing the game for the nostalgia of a classic childhood game.
2. As a frequent user i'm intent on beating my score and getting better at the game.

### Design 
#### Colour Scheme
The colour scheme of my game is a light purple a nice neon green and red.
#### Typography
The main fonts of the game is press start 2p from google fonts.

### Wireframes
<img src = assets/img/Desktop Welcome.png> 
<img src = assets/img/Desktop Game Play.png> 
<img src = assets/img/Mobile Welcome.png> 
<img src = assets/img/Mobile Game Play.png> 
<img src = assets/img/Tablet Welcome.png> 
<img src = assets/img/Tablet Game Play.png> 

## Features
Responsive on all devices.
Interactive elements.

## Technologies Used
### Languages Used
* HTML5
* CSS
* JavaScript

## FrameWorks

I have used google fonts/ balsamiq wireframes and git to produve this project.

## Testing
I used the W3C Markup validator and W3C CSS validator to validate my work and make sure there was no syntax errors.
<img src = assets/img/w3cval.png>
<img src = assets/img/w3ccss.png>

### Testing User Stories against User Experience
#### First Time Users
1. As a first time user I would like to understand how the game works from the minute I arrive.
  * Upon entering the game its very simple to get started with a simple button to start the game and from there your off playing.
  * The rules are the first thing you see with the game behind them simple but affective.
2. As a first time user I would like to be able to play the game with easy understanding of the rules.
  * With the rules been the first thing you see it is very esy to understand how the game works.
3. As a firts time user I would like to be able to easily track my score and be able to start again if I die.
  * With the score counter in the corner of the screen I can always see how far i've come on the game and track my score at all times
#### Returning Users
1. As a returning user I would like to be able to beat my score and enjoy playing the game.
  * With the score always on the screen i'll always be able to try and beat my previous score.
2. As a returning user I would like to be able to enjoy the classic feel and just enjoy playing a classic game.
  * The game does hold up to the classic in many ways I do have a lot of fun playing this version of snake.
#### Frequent Users
1. As a frequent user i'm playing the game for the nostalgia of a classic childhood game.
  * The nostalgia you get from playing this game is amazing it feels like im a kid again playing it on my parents nokia 6310.
2. As a frequent user i'm intent on beating my score and getting better at the game.
  * Thats the best part about this game you can never get board your always trying to beat your previous score even if it's only by one point this game will never get old.

Commit message:

Testing and deployment steps have been added to my README.md

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Snake</h1>

[View the live project here.](https://dalec2013.github.io/Snake_MS2/)

This is my version of the classic snake game. You'll get nostalgia from playing this game. For all you new players I hope you enjoy a classic game from my childhood.

<h2 align="center"><img src = assets/img/screenshot(21).png></h2>
<h2 align="center"><img src = assets/img/screenshot(23).png></h2>
<h2 align="center"><img src = assets/img/screenshot(25).png></h2>

## User Experience
   
   ### User Stories

#### First Time Users
1. As a first time user I would like to understand how the game works from the minute I arrive.
2. As a first time user I would like to be able to play the game with easy understanding of the rules.
3. As a firts time user I would like to be able to easily track my score and be able to start again if I die.

#### Returning Users
1. As a returning user I would like to be able to beat my score and enjoy playing the game.
2. As a returning user I would like to be able to enjoy the classic feel and just enjoy playing a classic game.

#### Frequent User
1. As a frequent user i'm playing the game for the nostalgia of a classic childhood game.
2. As a frequent user i'm intent on beating my score and getting better at the game.

### Design 
#### Colour Scheme
The colour scheme of my game is a light purple a nice neon green and red.
#### Typography
The main fonts of the game is press start 2p from google fonts.

### Wireframes
<img src = assets/img/Desktop Welcome.png> 
<img src = assets/img/Desktop Game Play.png> 
<img src = assets/img/Mobile Welcome.png> 
<img src = assets/img/Mobile Game Play.png> 
<img src = assets/img/Tablet Welcome.png> 
<img src = assets/img/Tablet Game Play.png> 

## Features
Responsive on all devices.
Interactive elements.

## Technologies Used
### Languages Used
* HTML5
* CSS
* JavaScript

## FrameWorks

I have used google fonts/ balsamiq wireframes and git to produve this project.

## Testing
I used the W3C Markup validator and W3C CSS validator to validate my work and make sure there was no syntax errors.
<img src = assets/img/w3cval.png>
<img src = assets/img/w3ccss.png>

### Testing User Stories against User Experience
#### First Time Users
1. As a first time user I would like to understand how the game works from the minute I arrive.
  * Upon entering the game its very simple to get started with a simple button to start the game and from there your off playing.
  * The rules are the first thing you see with the game behind them simple but affective.
2. As a first time user I would like to be able to play the game with easy understanding of the rules.
  * With the rules been the first thing you see it is very esy to understand how the game works.
3. As a firts time user I would like to be able to easily track my score and be able to start again if I die.
  * With the score counter in the corner of the screen I can always see how far i've come on the game and track my score at all times
#### Returning Users
1. As a returning user I would like to be able to beat my score and enjoy playing the game.
  * With the score always on the screen i'll always be able to try and beat my previous score.
2. As a returning user I would like to be able to enjoy the classic feel and just enjoy playing a classic game.
  * The game does hold up to the classic in many ways I do have a lot of fun playing this version of snake.
#### Frequent Users
1. As a frequent user i'm playing the game for the nostalgia of a classic childhood game.
  * The nostalgia you get from playing this game is amazing it feels like im a kid again playing it on my parents nokia 6310.
2. As a frequent user i'm intent on beating my score and getting better at the game.
  * Thats the best part about this game you can never get board your always trying to beat your previous score even if it's only by one point this game will never get old.

### Further Testing
The game works on all browsers chrome/firefox/microsoft edge and safari.
The game has been viewed on multiple devices such as Desktop/Ipad/Iphone 7 & X and also on samsung galaxy s20 ultra.
Plenty of testing has gone into this game me my partner and a couple have friends have played the game and found minimal bugs.

### Known bugs
When the page first loads up the start game menu slightly shifts to the right but after refreshing the page its again centered i have tryed to fix ths issue to no success.

## Deployment 

### Github pages

The project was deployed to git hub using these steps...

1. Login to github and locate the [Snake_MS2 repository](https://github.com/Dalec2013?tab=repositories).
2. At the top of the repository locate the settings tab.
3. Scroll down the page till you find the "GitHub Pages" section.
4. Under source cliick the dropdown box labeled none and select master branch.
5. The page will refresh.
6. Scroll back down the page to get to the published link (https://dalec2013.github.io/Snake_MS2/)
